I climbed the hill of Zakuro.
It is a blaze similar to the midsummer sun.
The soldiers are resting under the shade or in the house.
They lay down on the ground with an ampere or a light-bath pattern.
Many of them lie down in the shade and bend down.
The guns are loaded and lined up in various places.
The guns are black and full of scratches.
They are covered with mud and hit by the walls.
They are hit by the rain.
But the soldiers never forget to take care of themselves.
The smoke of cigarettes that the soldiers smoke looks delicious
is swaying in the shade and disappearing.
It looks like they are resting after the heavy rain.
They just left the city.
They can't see that they are going to the city.
One day, I saw the soldiers' faces.
They looked like they were going to lose their heads.
I remembered the day I spent in Songkran.
I realized that it was a special experience for me.
There is no such thing as a special experience on the battlefield.
There is nothing to say about it.
The same days are just passing by.
From Shanghai, Nanjing, to Zhejiang, and then to the future.
The battlefield continues endlessly.
The dryness I had in Songkran is repeated every day for the soldiers.
It means that everything has already dried up.
It doesn't mean that they lost the dryness.
It doesn't mean that they abandoned the dryness.
It means that they overcame it.
A situation that is not given in a kind word like hardship
covers the soldiers' heads at first.
The soldiers overcame it at the next moment.
I stood on the hill of Zakudo and said,
The order to set out seems to have been broken.
The soldiers came up from under the tree of the tree of the tree.
They hit their backs, bowed, and stretched.
They were in the house, on the mountain, or in the field on the right.
They gathered and lined up and took the gun.
They eventually moved forward towards the east.
I was looking at the hill of Zakudo.
There was a stage on the hill of the right.
The left side continued endlessly.
The center line continued to be in a row.
They went to the new battlefield of the east.
They were burned by the smoke and surrounded by the light.
They were marching.
I felt that the scenery was incredibly beautiful.
I felt the powerful power that was rising in the march.
I felt the waves flowing and overflowing.
I felt that I was in the
I was struck by the vitality of the life force.